[MUSIC]
My name is Robin,
and I am the program management lead for
the Red Team at Google.
I would say teamwork might be
the most important skill for
people who work in cybersecurity.
The collaborative culture is to understand
that everybody brings a unique perspective
and a useful perspective and
useful skills.
What it is about teamwork is
that these problems are hard.
These problems are complex.
The bad actors out there are smart,
they're well resourced, and
they're really motivated.
So they're constantly coming up with
new ways to do the activities that
they want to do.
It takes people with all
kinds of perspectives,
all kinds of problem solving skills,
all kinds of knowledge to come together to
understand what has happened,
and how we can defend against it.
When you're working as part of a team, one
of the things to expect is that you should
share information freely
with your colleagues and
that they'll share
information freely with you.
At the beginning and in the confusing
part of responding to incidents,
all information is useful.
So expect to dive right in,
share everything you know and
listen to the things
people around you say, so
that we come out with the best
solutions as quickly as we can.
Very soon after I got into
the role that I am in now,
we experienced a very
significant incident.
A vulnerability was discovered in
a library that was used in many,
many different places on the Internet and
the vulnerability was significant.
I was part of the team that came
together to respond to that, and
that team that came together,
we set up response process that involved
24/7 coverage using our
colleagues all around the world.
The end result of the amazing teamwork
that we experienced was, first of all, we
were able to manage the vulnerability.
But more importantly, it's the way
the team came together afterward.
And it's the way people still talk about
how our great team work brought us closer
to our colleagues,
meant that our team works better
together than it did before,
meant that these teamwork aspects,
they're all things that we do so well now.
We all feel like we've been
through something together and
that we came out stronger
on the other side.
As you go through the certificate,
you might learn that cybersecurity is
tricky or it's hard but don't give up.
The more you learn,
the more you're going to enjoy it.
So stay with it, learn everything you can,
and you're going to have a great career.